---
layout: post
category: careers
title: "Principal Software Engineer (Software Engineer level 5)"
root: "../../"
author: Ottawa, ON, Canada 
date: 2014-09-15
---
###Full Time - Job Description###

**Must** have Skills:

- A bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer systems engineering
or software engineering is required.

- Strong knowledge in 3GPP technologies and development of protocol
stacks.

- Minimum 10 years of experience in fields of packet processing solutions both in the forwarding as well as control paths. Good knowledge of SDN is required.

- Strong skills in Linux both kernel and user space and general open source ecosystems.


__Main Duties include:__

- Collect and document users’ requirements and develop logical and physical specifications:
- Confer with all involved stakeholders to design system and to obtain information on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
- Analyze user needs and develop software solutions in the form of SDN applications and/or relevant data path components.
- Research, evaluate and synthesize technical information to design, develop and test computer-based systems
- Design and implement various features of company’s second-generation platform.
- Develop data, process and network models to optimize architecture and to evaluate the performance and reliability of designs
- Design software and customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency.
- Develop and direct software system testing and validation procedures, programming, and documentation.
- Modify existing software to correct errors, allow it to adapt to new hardware, and improve its performance.
- Plan, design and co-ordinate the development, installation, integration and operation of computer-based systems
- Develop, create, and modify company’s proprietary Network Operating System.
- Assess, test, troubleshoot, document, upgrade and develop maintenance procedures for operating systems, communications environments and applications software
- Troubleshoot, document, and implement SDN applications including requirements specification, design specification and sustenance guides for embedded software.
- Lead and co-ordinate teams of information systems professionals in the development of software and integrated information systems, process control software and other embedded software control systems.
- Design interfaces between SDN applications, services and data path products to ensure interoperability, resolve design issues, and champion new and improved design methodologies.
- Design and develop wireless signaling gateways framework and signaling stacks for SGW (Serving gateway), PGW (PDN gateway), GGSN (Gateway GPRS Support Node).


__Salary + Benefits:__

$100K + benefits

__How to Apply:__

send email to:

careers@mojatatu.com

Location: Suite #400, 303 Moodie Dr (Bell's Corners), Ottawa
